{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The Wheel of Blame\
\
\
Sometime during the MJ European tour, traveling with a crew of 150 people, I invented a great stress reliever.\
I mounted a pointer on a board so it would spin, and drew a wheel around the pointer. I cut all the names out of the itinerary and pasted them around the wheel, managers, vendors, truck drivers to big wigs, and all. \
Have you ever heard anyone sell snake oil?\
Imagine a barker in a tall top hat standing on a platform in front of a crowd, spouting the following speech with a slight W.C. Fields' accent.\
\
"Ladies and gentlemen, here before your very eyes is a modern device, simple yet unique. This amazing machine harnesses the powers of the universe, for a modern purpose anyone can understand. \
  Using  Newton's Law of gravity, ancient Taoist philosophy, and a pinch of bear grease, it demontrates the the reality of "Random Blame Theory". With each rotation of the specially balanced pointing device, it solves a universal, common human problem by answering many of the daily questions of the working man or woman, questions like - "Who did this to me?", or "Who broke this while I wasn't looking?", or "What moron put all this crap in front of my stuff?"\
"Anytime anything goes wrong, or breaks, or goes snafu in any way, it is now possible to assign blame on anyone at any time for just about anything. Just reach out and spin the specially designed pointing apparatus, and immediately find out who's fault this screwup really is. Any student of advanced mathematics or quantum physics will agree that in practice, the random assignment of blame is just about as effective as the normal process in any group of people."\
"Any one of your friends and neighbors can be added to the wheel, but once you're on, you're on for good. If you leave the tour, you stay on. If you ask to  have your name removed, you stay on. If you meet with misfortune and die, your name will be removed for one year for respect, then re-added in your memory. Because of the effects of the Random Blame Theory, even if you are only present in spirit, it could still very well be your fault."\
\
The true power of the Wheel was demonstrated once in London. An MTV host person was doing backstage interviews and wanted to do a piece on the cafe. I went thru my usual shpeil about the VooDoo, and showed her the Wheel of Blame. After the explanation, she couldn't wait to give it a try herself. She gave the pointer a mighty spin and it landed on Rat Boy, the laser tech. "Rat Boy, you're outta here!" she cried while grinning into the camera, obviously caught up in the spirit of the thing. Funny thing was, two days later the tour accountants made an unauthorized decision and sent Rat Boy and his lasers home without notice. He got his job back once everyone came to their senses, but I'm still glad I only let her spin the Wheel once, who knows what problems it might have caused.\
\
In Philly, there was a real fortune wheel backstage, normally used to give away US Air vouchers for hotels or airfares during halftime at the NBA games. We took pieces of paper and taped them to the wheel, listing everyone on the tour from Irving Azoff to the truck drivers. After a few test spins, it became apparent that the same guy came up too often, so we straightened a few spokes of the wheel to make it random again. \
After a while the local guy who was in charge of the wheel came by and saw our modifications. He freaked out, ripped all the carefully taped names off the thing, and dragged it off angrily to parts unknown. In place of the wheel we put up a collection can to "buy someone a sense of humor", and during the loadout presented the guy with $3.86 in small change.\
I had forgotten that we were in Philly, one of the crookedest places around. The wheel had spaces on it to give away plane tickets and free hotel rooms, with a couple of loser spaces. Then I realized that we had fixed his "fixed" wheel, and he suddenly stood a chance of giving away several thousand dollars worth of airfares at the next 76ers game........\
No wonder he freaked out, we fixed his "fixed" wheel.\
}